Author: 
Date: November 15, 2021
Title: [Tutorial] How to unlock bootloader of JingPad A1

[Tutorial] How to unlock bootloader of JingPad A1
WARNING
This process will erase your data. Please back up your device before attempting.
Any issues that are caused by this process will not be considered as a legitimate reason to refund your device.
After this process, you will need to bear the costs including repiring and related postage and tax etc.
Do not share your private key
What is bootloader unlocking?
Bootloader is a program that boots up your computer into the OS. SoC Manufacturers provide a bootloader lock to safeguard the device state and to ensure the secure execution environment. By unlocking the bootloader, you are able to gain full control of your device. You can install customised firmware as well as Operating System(s). Be aware, by unlocking the bootloader and install customised items may damage your device permanently. 
How to unlock bootloader?
Get the device ID
Connect your device to a Linux desktop
Install SDK Platform Tools https://developer.android.com/studio/releases/platform-tools
Download fastboot_a1 https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OD9kx9bSH7LFkylxQGO3MlWmm6FV4rJh/view?usp=sharing
Turn off your device and boot it into recovery mode: Click "Power" then "Volume Down" button. Hold both till JingPad logo appears. Then, choose "reboot into bootloader."
After booting into bootloader mode, use the following command to acquire your device ID: 

fastboot_A1 oem get_identifier_token
Please record your device ID
Submit your device ID via Email
Please use [Bootloader Unlock] Order Number + Shopping Channel + Device ID as your email title
Please include the following content in your email
I understand the risks of unlocking the bootloader. Any Distros not provided by JingOS Team have not been certified as compatible and there may be issues ranging from missing features to permanent hardware damage.

- Any damage JingOS Team deems related to an unlocked bootloader will be denied at JingLings discretion-
Your Name: XXX
Order Number: XXXX
Device ID: XXXX
Please send the email to service@jingos.com
You will receive a file named unlock.bin
E.g.
Title: [Bootloader Unlock] 999 + Shopify + 1234567890123456
Content:
I understand the risks of unlocking the bootloader. Any Distros not provided by JingOS Team have not been certified as compatible and there may be issues ranging from missing features to permanent hardware damage.

- Any damage JingOS Team deems related to an unlocked bootloader will be denied at JingOS Team's discretion-
Your Name: XXX
Order Number: XXXX
Device ID: XXXX
Unlock the bootloader
Boot your device into bootloader mode and connect to your Linux desktop
Use the command to unlock the bootloader
$ fastboot_A1 flashing unlock_bootloader unlock.bin
Use Volume Down button to initiate the process